hey everybody it's your cool ass pal
Billy keenly here at the crossroads of
the universe Times Square in New York
City so I thought I'd pick the brains of
my American compatriots on how to sound
like I know what the hell I'm talking
about come this summer in Brazil all
right so i'm here with America horse I
guess step stomp for how many goals you
think we're going to score 0-0 stomps
okay he's a pessimist what is the most
important thing I need to know about
this world cup the most important thing
is just to be excited about it because I
don't know anything that much even so
just smile and be enthusiastic all right
so I'm finally going right to the source
found a pro New York Red Bulls
midfielder argh Alexander so Eric my
friends are giving me a load of sticks
and if the US doesn't have a chance army
with a good argument how to shut my
friends up and tell them us kicks ass
we're going to do great what do I say
just ask them have they seen the player
the avatar thing we have plenty of
people held a big goal scorer is you got
we got we got Josie up top we got me
Diskerud and figures out ways to get
this if I Miriam Hanson Clint douche I
mean come on like what are they serious
it's like they're there it's like
they're a bunch of uneducated bullies
right right it's like you know she was
interested in me she was obviously
talking to me first so why you gonna
come squirrel up on me and take it right
out from under me right you see the
expression on this guy's face it looks
like the horse can't stop farting come
on Miko a look around look around all
right look at where we are we're in the
middle of Times Square in the United
States or maker this is a country of
immigrants is a country where where we
all come together and have a soul
nationality as Americans and you're here
with a goddamn Philipp Lahm Jersey on I
do you a soccer event all right so I'm
here with a couple of friends curious
about uh you know what nevermind this
creepiest I don't want to go to your
wedding all right don't send me an
invitation she was mine right obviously
grazie see some Mexican footballer Heron
in the in the crowd today that's a bold
look I wouldn't that wouldn't be out of
place on TI Scoob America I'm not sure
these guys are your friends neither am i
why did you want to go yeah all right
wow that's 10 hours and alexi lalas let
me see if I could shout a question at
them Tim boxers or briefs everybody
always says that Americans don't care
about soccer are you excited about the
World Cup like I am what's that the
world cup the world cup soccer a roll
watch for it alright so i'm here with
Kevin all right Kevin so now you are an
Irishman in my tracks Greg very good so
you know more ostensibly about the game
than your average Tom Dick and Harry on
the street of New York now the us some
people are saying that the complete
rubbish they're not gonna score goal
they're going to get bounced out of the
group stage what do you think of that so
who have they got in their groove again
we've got Germany Portugal and Ghana
yeah you've got no chance all right dude
yeah I'll see you tomorrow Eric
Alexander of the new york red bulls so i
know i'm watching us ghana with stay
tuned to kick TV for more casual fan
episodes and for a bunch of possum
content from brazil Starring Jimmy
Conrad Laila Ali Hugh easy and war take
care of it buddy